add FAQ about how to request an increase of quota (#318)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/access/how_to_request_more_quota.rst

option depends on data storage policies of the site managing your VSC account,
VO or Tier-1 project as well as on current capacity of the storage system.

Before requesting more storage, please check carefully the
:ref:`current data usage of your VSC account <quota>` and identify which
file system needs a larger quota.

Personal storage
================

The following are general guidelines to request more storage in the personal
file systems of your VSC account:

VSC_HOME
  The storage of your home directory is small on purpose. If you need more
  storage, please switch to ``VSC_DATA``.

VSC_DATA
  On VSC sites that support :ref:`Virtual Organizations (VO)
  <virtual_organization>`, it is preferable to join a VO to get access to a
  larger ``VSC_DATA_VO``.
  If that is not the case or if in doubt, please contact :ref:`user support
  <tech support VSC>`.

VSC_SCRATCH
  On VSC sites that support :ref:`Virtual Organizations (VO)
  <virtual_organization>`, it is preferable to join a VO to get access to a
  larger ``VSC_SCRATCH_VO``.
  If that is not the case or if in doubt, please contact :ref:`user support
  <tech support VSC>`.

> 

Reviewer: Would it be useful to have site-specific links here? We have a specific page in our service catalog, personally I would prefer our users to look there.

Author: Sure, I'll add your link. Do you have a scpecific URL for this? or should I link to https://icts.kuleuven.be/sc/HPC?

Reviewer: If possible, link to https://icts.kuleuven.be/sc/onderzoeksgegevens/HPC-storage mentioning this is specific for KU Leuven users.

Reviewer 2: while you're at it, can you also add a link to https://hpc.vub.be/docs/vo/#requesting-more-storage-space for VUB users?

Virtual Organizations
=====================

VSC_DATA_VO, VSC_SCRATCH_VO
  The quota of the data storage in your :ref:`Virtual Organization (VO)
  <virtual_organization>` is managed by the moderator of the VO, who is typically
  somebody in your research group. The moderator can manage all quotas of the VO
  in the `Edit VO <https://account.vscentrum.be/django/vo/edit>`_ tab of the VSC
  account page.

Requesting more storage space
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

VO moderators can request additional quota for ``VSC_DATA_VO`` and ``VSC_SCRATCH_VO``:

#. Go to the section **Request additional quota** in the

>    `Edit VO <https://account.vscentrum.be/django/vo/edit>`_ page

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   `Edit VO <https://account.vscentrum.be/django/vo/edit>`_ tab
```

   for any user indicates what he/she can maximally use, but the actual limit
   will then depend on the usage of the other members. The total storage quota
   of the VO will always be respected.

Tier-1 project
==============

The scratch storage of your project in tier-1 is managed by the institute

> hosting the tier-1 HPC infrastructure. In general, your project will get as
> much quota as requested in your application and that should be sufficient to

Reviewer 2: they don't always get what they ask for ;)
```suggestion
hosting the tier-1 HPC infrastructure. In general, your project directory will get as
much quota as granted to your project and that should be sufficient to
```

Author: That's why I said _In general_, as in _not always_.

Reviewer 2: that's confusing. there is no general rule, the allocation board decides how much you get.
